DM-28303: add a section how to use bear (#512)
lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide: cpp/compilation-db.rst

#######################################

> Creating a compilation database

Reviewer: Length of `#` should match length of heading.

#######################################

> ``scons`` does not natively support the creation of a compilation database, instead the

Reviewer: I think it would be good to add at least a sentence saying what a compilation database is good for.

``bear`` tool can be used (`bear repository  <https://github.com/rizsotto/Bear>`_) 
which is available on a number of Linux distributions (`bear packages <https://repology.org/project/bear/packages>`_) as well as
from conda-forge.

====================================
Install Bear from conda-forge
====================================

> To install ``bear`` into a lsst conda stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install ``bear`` into an LSST Science Pipelines conda stack
```

.. code-block:: bash

>     conda install -c conda-forge

Reviewer: Um, I think this needs a package name 😄

=====================================================
Use Bear and Scons to create a compilation database
=====================================================

.. code-block:: bash

   bear -- scons

> This will create ``compile_commands.json`` containing a list of all compilation commands that can be used in various editors.

Reviewer: Should we add instructions on how to configure editors to use it (if any configuration is needed)?

Author: Created a link to `VScode` extensions as a `scons` hack is mentioned here to create a compilations database. This sections in `VScode` should be cleaned up and link to the `bear` section. `VScode` is using the CDB if present and appropriate extensions are installed.
